two options you either follow my rules
or follow my rules
capiche thank you I can do it a
different way that's that's fine thank
you
[Music]
your fire it's Christmas yeah I see the
decorations good luck in the new year
I just heard you play and I wanted
pretty strange that we keep running into
each other maybe it means something I
doubt it
yeah I think so you could just write
your own roles you know write something
that's as interesting as you are what
are you gonna do my own Club that gonna
happen every time I think so how are you
gonna be a revolutionary if it's such a
traditionalist you holding on to the
Past but jazz is about the future
maybe I'm not good enough yes you are
maybe I'm not like a pipe dream this is
the dream
it's conflict and it's compromise it's
very very excited
[Music]
you